OCPBUGS-12903: Add new web console usage metrics (#1910)
openshift/cluster-monitoring-operator: Documentation/data-collection.md

    # consumers: (@openshift/openshift-team-cluster-manager)
    - '{__name__="console_url"}'
    #
    # owners: (@openshift/hybrid-application-console-maintainers)
    # cluster:console_auth_login_requests_total:sum gives the total number of login requests initiated from the web console.
    #
    - '{__name__="cluster:console_auth_login_requests_total:sum"}'
    #
    # owners: (@openshift/hybrid-application-console-maintainers)
    # cluster:console_auth_login_successes_total:sum gives the total number of successful logins initiated from the web console.

>     # Role is kubeadmin, cluster-admin or developer based on a permission check if ther user can list all namespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Labels:
    # * `role`, one of `kubeadmin`, `cluster-admin` or `developer` . The value is based whether or not the logged-in user can all namespaces.
```

    #
    - '{__name__="cluster:console_auth_login_successes_total:sum"}'
    #
    # owners: (@openshift/hybrid-application-console-maintainers)
    # cluster:console_auth_login_failures_total:sum gives the total number of login failures initiated from the web console.

>     # This might include canceled OAuth logins depenending on the user OAuth provider/configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # This might include canceled OAuth logins depenending on the user OAuth provider/configuration.
    # Labels:
    # * `reason`, one of ...
```

    #
    - '{__name__="cluster:console_auth_login_failures_total:sum"}'
    #
    # owners: (@openshift/hybrid-application-console-maintainers)

>     # cluster:console_auth_logout_requests_total:sum gives the total number of logout requests send from the web console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # cluster:console_auth_logout_requests_total:sum gives the total number of logout requests send from the web console.
    # Labels:
    # * `reason`, one of ...
```

    #
    - '{__name__="cluster:console_auth_logout_requests_total:sum"}'
    #
    # owners: (@openshift/hybrid-application-console-maintainers)
    # cluster:console_usage_users:max contains the number of web console users splitten into the roles kubeadmin,

>     # cluster-admin and developer depending if the user can list all namespaces.

Reviewer: same here

    #
    - '{__name__="cluster:console_usage_users:max"}'
    #
    # owners: (@openshift/hybrid-application-console-maintainers)
    # cluster:console_plugins_info:max list the web console plugins grouped by a vendor name and their installation state.

>     # The plugin name is currently mapped into the groups redhat, demo and other.

Reviewer: same here

    #
    - '{__name__="cluster:console_plugins_info:max"}'
    #
    # owners: (@openshift/hybrid-application-console-maintainers)

>     # cluster:console_customization_perspectives_info:max list customized web console perspectives.
>     # The perspective id is mapped into the groups admin, dev, acm and other.
>     # The state is a reduced value based on the RBAC rules that are required to have access to perspective:
>     # For example: enabled, disabled, only-for-cluster-admins, only-for-developers, custom-permissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # cluster:console_customization_perspectives_info:max reports information about customized web console perspectives.
    # Labels:
    # * `name` , one of `admin`, `dev`, `acm` or `other`.
    # `* state` , one of ???
```
